add documentation of automerge in the root README (#1147)
CDCgov/covid19-forecast-hub: README.md

Detailed guidelines for formatting and submitting forecasts are available in the [`model-output` directory README](model-output/README.md). Detailed guidelines for formatting and submitting model metadata can be found in the [`model-metadata` directory README](model-metadata/README.md).

## Suggested workflow for first time submitters

> First-time pull requests (PRs) into the Hub repository must be reviewed and merged manually. Once model contributors are authorized (i.e., added to the metadata in the main branch), subsequent PRs for forecast submissions can be merged automatically if they pass appropriate checks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pull requests (PRs) into the Hub repository to register a new model or modify an existing model's metadata must always be reviewed and merged manually.

PR that submit forecasts for an existing model can be reviewed and merged automatically if the submission content passes automated validation checks and the submitting individual has been preregistered as an authorized submitter for the model.

To authorize one or more individuals to submit forecasts for a given model, add their github usernames to the [`designated_github_users` field](designated_github_users`](model-metadata/README.md#designated_github_users) in the model's metadata.
```
